docs: tighten Partial Prefetching API references and adoption guide (#94818)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/03-file-conventions/02-route-segment-config/prefetch.mdx

export const prefetch = 'allow-runtime'
```

### `'partial'`

Opts the segment into [Partial Prefetching](/docs/app/guides/adopting-partial-prefetching) without flipping the global [`partialPrefetching`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/partialPrefetching) flag. A `<Link>` pointing at a segment with `prefetch = 'partial'` loads the per-route [App Shell](/docs/app/glossary#app-shell) instead of the legacy full prefetch. Set this on the destination, not the link.

> Use this for incremental adoption when you can't enable `partialPrefetching` for the entire app at once. Once every route in scope has `prefetch = 'partial'`, flip the global flag and remove the per-route exports.

Reviewer: Nit.
```suggestion
Opts the segment into [Partial Prefetching](/docs/app/guides/adopting-partial-prefetching) without enabling the global [`partialPrefetching`](/docs/app/api-reference/config/next-config-js/partialPrefetching) flag. A `<Link>` pointing at a segment with `prefetch = 'partial'` loads the per-route [App Shell](/docs/app/glossary#app-shell) instead of the legacy full prefetch. Set this on the destination, not the link.

Use this for incremental adoption when you can't enable `partialPrefetching` for the entire app at once. Once every route in scope has `prefetch = 'partial'`, enable the global flag and remove the per-route exports.
```
